# AandBMatrixValueInverseAssignment
For this assignment I was given two strands of data, essentially vectors, and was asked to find their determinants and the values of their inverses. To start off I entered the vectors into Rstudio, labeling them A and B as prompted, gaining the matrixes to work with. I then used the function det( in order to find the determinant of the two matrixes. For A this was a simple task, producing a detrminant of 0; with B I found myself getting back errors, confusing me until I realized that B was not a "square" matrix, that it could not be settled into columns of the same length and width, and therefore there was not a way to produce a determinant. At this point I found myself attempting to find the inverse of the two matrixes only to run into further problems. Attempting to use the solve( function in order to achieve the value of the inverse, I quickly ran into the fact that the first matrix, the one that produced a determinant, was singular, that is the determinant it produced was 0 and therefore could not be inverted. Meanwhile, it appears that second martix, B, could not be inverted either as another side effect of being non-square. At this point I started poking around in the help section in order to see if a function existed that might help and found a package that allowed for the ginv( function, which promised a generalized inverse of a matrix, which I hoped to use to find the correct values, only to quickly conclude, after some experimenting, that this did not produce what I needed. While I worry that I masy have done the assignment completely wrong, this state where three of four values are invalid is the best I can produce.
